DBZ-4385 Truncate support for Oracle (#3000)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/oracle.adoc

To make this possible, by default, {prodname}'s Oracle connector always follows a _delete_ event with a special _tombstone_ event that has the same key but `null` value.
You can change the default behavior by setting the connector property xref:oracle-property-tombstones-on-delete[`tombstones.on.delete`].

// Type: continue
[[postgresql-truncate-events]]
=== _truncate_ events

A  _truncate_ change event signals that a table has been truncated.
The message key is `null` in this case, the message value looks like this:

[source,json,indent=0,subs="+attributes"]
----
{
    "schema": { ... },
    "payload": {
        "source": { // <1>
            "version": "{debezium-version}",
            "connector": "postgresql",
            "name": "PostgreSQL_server",
            "ts_ms": 1559033904863,
            "snapshot": false,
            "db": "postgres",
            "schema": "public",
            "table": "customers",
            "txId": 556,
            "lsn": 46523128,
            "xmin": null

>         },

Author: ah indeed, a bit too quick copy/pasting. I'll update.

        "op": "t", // <2>
        "ts_ms": 1559033904961 // <3>
    }
}
----

.Descriptions of _truncate_ event value fields
[cols="1,2,7",options="header"]
|===
|Item |Field name |Description

|1
|`source`
a|Mandatory field that describes the source metadata for the event. In a _truncate_ event value, the `source` field structure is the same as for _create_, _update_, and _delete_ events for the same table, provides this metadata:

* {prodname} version
* Connector type and name
* Database and table that contains the new row
* Schema name
* If the event was part of a snapshot (always `false` for _delete_ events)
* ID of the transaction in which the operation was performed
* Offset of the operation in the database log

> * Timestamp for when the change was made in the database

Reviewer: Same as above.

|2
|`op`
a|Mandatory string that describes the type of operation. The `op` field value is `t`, signifying that this table was truncated.

|3
|`ts_ms`
a|Optional field that displays the time at which the connector processed the event. The time is based on the system clock in the JVM running the Kafka Connect task.  +
+
In the `source` object, `ts_ms` indicates the time that the change was made in the database. By comparing the value for `payload.source.ts_ms` with the value for `payload.ts_ms`, you can determine the lag between the source database update and {prodname}.

|===

In case a single `TRUNCATE` statement applies to multiple tables,

> one _truncate_ change event record for each truncated table will be emitted.

Reviewer: Could you add a test for this case?

Author: Seems this is wrong. You cannot do that in ORACLE (in postgres you can). I'll remove this block.

Note that since _truncate_ events represent a change made to an entire table and don't have a message key,
unless you're working with topics with a single partition,
there are no ordering guarantees for the change events pertaining to a table (_create_, _update_, etc.) and _truncate_ events for that table.
For instance a consumer may receive an _update_ event only after a _truncate_ event for that table,
when those events are read from different partitions.

> If _truncate_ events are not desired, they can be filtered out with the `skipped.operations` flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If _truncate_ events are not desired, they can be filtered out with the xref:oracle-property-skipped-operations[`skipped.operations`] option.
```

To make this possible, by default, {prodname}'s Oracle connector always follows a _delete_ event with a special _tombstone_ event that has the same key but `null` value.
You can change the default behavior by setting the connector property xref:oracle-property-tombstones-on-delete[`tombstones.on.delete`].

// Type: continue

> [[postgresql-truncate-events]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[oracle-truncate-events]]
```
